KSQL Hopping Windows (#181)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/hopping-windows/ksql/markup/dev/transient-window.adoc

> Now here comes the fun part. We need to create a query capable of detecting when the temperature drops below 45F for a period of 10 seconds. However, since our sensor emits readings every 5 seconds, we need to come up with a way to detect this even if the drop goes beyond the interval of 10 seconds. Hence why we are using hopping windows for this scenario. Since hopping windows are possibly-overlapping, we may have situations in which the temperature dropped across multiple 10 second windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now here comes the fun part. We need to create a query capable of detecting when the temperature drops below 45 °F for a period of 10 seconds. However, since our sensor emits readings every 5 seconds, we need to come up with a way to detect this even if the drop goes beyond the interval of 10 seconds. Hence why we are using hopping windows for this scenario. Since hopping windows may overlap, we may have situations in which the temperature dropped across multiple 10 second windows.
```

> Along with the implementation of a hopping window, we will based off our logic in the average temperature within the detected period, and we will show this period through two different fields called `START_PERIOD` and `END_PERIOD`. This may come in handy if your alert system needs to have the information of when the temperature drop happened, besides of course doing the alerting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with implementing a hopping window, we will base our logic on the average temperature within the detected period, and we will show this period through two different fields called `START_PERIOD` and `END_PERIOD`. This may come in handy if your alert system needs to display the specific time period associated with each alert.
```

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="sql">{% include_raw tutorials/hopping-windows/ksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/transient-window.sql %}</code></pre>
+++++

> This should query should produce the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query should produce the following output:
```
